Add GarageHQ to Storage (#2925)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

**[`^        back to top        ^`](#)**

> - [GarageHQ](https://garagehq.deuxfleurs.fr/) - An open-source distributed storage service you can self-host to fullfill many needs - S3 compatible. ([Source Code](https://git.deuxfleurs.fr/Deuxfleurs/garage)) `AGPL-3.0` `Rust`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [GarageHQ](https://garagehq.deuxfleurs.fr/) - An open-source geo-distributed storage service you can self-host to fulfill many needs - S3 compatible. ([Source Code](https://git.deuxfleurs.fr/Deuxfleurs/garage)) `AGPL-3.0` `Rust`
```

Reviewer: Just fixed a typo + added the `geo-` prefix. It is really important feature of Gearage, that they trey to address multi-dc scenario, while interconnects can be subject to different latencies (and have different throughput).
